background_literature.md, before:

# DECARBONIZATION TOOL LITERATURE

| Document Name |                                            Title |                            Pages |        Overview
| :----:        |                                             :----:|                           :----:|        :----: |
| 15099.01_ SOCP Marine Vessel Energy Efficiency |       Energy Efficieny White Paper |          115 |     Improving efficiency of ships by modifying vessel parts and designs to reduce draft and drag. Incorporating renewable energy resources such as wind, waves and sun to lessen oil usage. Proposal on using mechanical and Electrical systems to increase energy efficiency of vessels through use of different batteries, natural gas, engines and generators. Modifying operational practices through fuel consumption monitors, efficient weather routing, optimizing voyage routes and cleaning/maintaining hull.   |
| 2022_army_climate_strategy                            | United States Army Climate Strategy |   20   |   US Army is adapting it's entire enterprise to pursue greenhouse gas mitigation strategies to reduce climate risks through three methods.First method through adapting infrastructure and natural environments to climate change risks, and mitigating GHG emissions theough use of microgirids and carbon pollution free electricity.Second method increase operational capability while reducing sustainment demand and strengthening climate resilience and finally through training to prepare a force that is ready to operate in a climate-altered world |
| Assessment-IMO-DecarbonizationPlan   |              Journal of Cleaner Production        |    13     | BBased on the performance of the sample ships regarding the IMO short-term measures indicates that compliance is not straightforward and costly. This is true for older ships or those that have already installed several compliance options under the CII rating. Compared to younger ships, older ones face higher obstacles due to their design, EPL is  the  most cost-effective option, but  low  MCR levels might substantially increase sailing times. |
| Bouman-ReviewGHGReductionShips-2017      | State-of-the-Art technologies, measures and potential for redcucing GHG emissions from shipping  | 14   | Results of the research indicate that no single measure is sufficient by itself to reach considerable sector-wide reductions; however, over 75% of emission reduction is achievable by swift adoption and combination of individual dependent and independent measures. The overall success of these emissions reductions technologies and measures are dependent on the growth rates of maritime transport as well as the policies, regulations, and legislation, can facilitate reduction of GHG emissions by the sector. Successful implementation has to be supported by high-quality studies addressing multiple effects and measures simultaneously in order to avoid counteracting and inefficient adoption of mitigation measures. |
| calculation and assessing the eedi index in the field of ship energyefficiency for mv jules garnier  | Calculation and Assessing the EEDI Index in the Field of Ship Energy Efficiency for mv jules garnier        | 6      | The calculation of Attained EEDI and Required EEDI is necessary for assessing and operating the most effective; it determines not only a mass of CO2 gas emission to the environment but also the energy efficiency management on ships.|
| DecarbonizationShipping-Thesis-SUNY   |  Decarbonization of Shipping        | 91      | summary here|
| Paragraph   | Text        | And more      | summary here|
| Paragraph   | Text        | And more      | summary here|
| Paragraph   | Text        | And more      | summary here|

Commit message:

background_literature.md
First 10 summaries completed by Mikaella C.

background_literature.md, after:

# DECARBONIZATION TOOL LITERATURE

| Document Name |                                            Title |                            Pages |        Overview
| :----:        |                                             :----:|                           :----:|        :----: |
| 15099.01_ SOCP Marine Vessel Energy Efficiency |       Energy Efficieny White Paper |          115 |     Improving efficiency of ships by modifying vessel parts and designs to reduce draft and drag. Incorporating renewable energy resources such as wind, waves and sun to lessen oil usage. Proposal on using mechanical and Electrical systems to increase energy efficiency of vessels through use of different batteries, natural gas, engines and generators. Modifying operational practices through fuel consumption monitors, efficient weather routing, optimizing voyage routes and cleaning/maintaining hull.   |
| 2022_army_climate_strategy                            | United States Army Climate Strategy |   20   |   US Army is adapting it's entire enterprise to pursue greenhouse gas mitigation strategies to reduce climate risks through three methods.First method through adapting infrastructure and natural environments to climate change risks, and mitigating GHG emissions theough use of microgirids and carbon pollution free electricity.Second method increase operational capability while reducing sustainment demand and strengthening climate resilience and finally through training to prepare a force that is ready to operate in a climate-altered world |
| Assessment-IMO-DecarbonizationPlan   |              Journal of Cleaner Production        |    13     | BBased on the performance of the sample ships regarding the IMO short-term measures indicates that compliance is not straightforward and costly. This is true for older ships or those that have already installed several compliance options under the CII rating. Compared to younger ships, older ones face higher obstacles due to their design, EPL is  the  most cost-effective option, but  low  MCR levels might substantially increase sailing times. |
| Bouman-ReviewGHGReductionShips-2017      | State-of-the-Art technologies, measures and potential for redcucing GHG emissions from shipping  | 14   | Results of the research indicate that no single measure is sufficient by itself to reach considerable sector-wide reductions; however, over 75% of emission reduction is achievable by swift adoption and combination of individual dependent and independent measures. The overall success of these emissions reductions technologies and measures are dependent on the growth rates of maritime transport as well as the policies, regulations, and legislation, can facilitate reduction of GHG emissions by the sector. Successful implementation has to be supported by high-quality studies addressing multiple effects and measures simultaneously in order to avoid counteracting and inefficient adoption of mitigation measures. |
| calculation and assessing the eedi index in the field of ship energyefficiency for mv jules garnier  | Calculation and Assessing the EEDI Index in the Field of Ship Energy Efficiency for mv jules garnier        | 6      | The calculation of Attained EEDI and Required EEDI is necessary for assessing and operating the most effective; it determines not only a mass of CO2 gas emission to the environment but also the energy efficiency management on ships.|
| DecarbonizationShipping-Thesis-SUNY   |  Decarbonization of Shipping        | 91      | Electricity cannot be a solution for the movement of shipping; the batteries required to move huge tankers that sail for weeks would have to be huge. Even if the batteries were smaller, and relied on the wind or the sun to recharge at sea,the weather does not always move according to expectations. There will certainly be a use of wind and solar energy in the future, but this will be to move auxiliary systems, removing energy  weight  from  the  main  engine  of  the  ship. |
| Department of the Navy Climate Action 2030   | Climate Action 2030        | 32      | Don (Depratment of Navy) goals: build climate resilience, reduce climate threat, increase both nature-based and energy resilience. DoN will pursue climate efforts efforts that strenghten maritime dominance, empower the people of the armed service and strengthen strategic partnerships. DoN climate adaptation plan contains five lines of effort: : climate-informed decision-making, climate resilient training and equipment, building natural climate resistant infrastructure, innovating supply chain, and enhancing mitigation and adaptation through collaboration.|
| dod-2021-ClimateAdaptionPlan   | Department of Defense Climate Adaptation Plan       | 32      | DoD five priority adaptation actions (lines of effort): climate informed decision making, train and equip a climate ready force, build resilient and natural infrastructure, innovate supply chain, and enhance adaptation and resilience through collaboration. Climate Action plan contains four topic areas: updating climate vulnerability assessments, enhance climate literacy in workforce management, install climate-ready sites, facilities, and infrastructure, and enhance resilience of climate-ready supply of products and services.|
| ElectricPropulsionShips-CBO   | Electric-Drive Propulsion for U.S. Navy Ships: Background and Issues for Congress        | 61      | Electric-drive technology offers significant anticipated benefits for U.S. Navy ships in terms of reducing ship life-cycle cost, increasing ship stealthiness, payload, survivability, and power available for non-propulsion uses, and taking advantage of a strong electrical-power technological and industrial base. Pursuing electric-drive will incur higher near-term costs than a strategy that places continued emphasis on mechanical-drive technology. Estimates of the costs and benefits of electric-drive technology should arguably include measures that examine not just shorter-but also longer-term costs and warfighting effects.|
| energy-efficiency-design-index   | energy-efficiency-design-index        | 13      | Energy Efficiency Design Index(EEDI) is an index that estimates grams of CO2 per transport work. EEDI formula takes into consideration special design features and needs,including the use of energy recovery,low carbon fuels,performance of ships in waves and the need for ice strengthening of certain ships.|
| Paragraph   | Text        | And more      | summary here|
| Paragraph   | Text        | And more      | summary here|
| Paragraph   | Text        | And more      | summary here|
| Paragraph   | Text        | And more      | summary here|
| Paragraph   | Text        | And more      | summary here|
